Crazy this kid is completely crazy
You're ashamed of yourself
Why smear our return to the country?
Qingfeng is bound to lose
The existing technology in China
Which phone can compare to Chapo?
How dare you say yes?
Call the police, call the police, and take this bastard away from me
Envelope you are so disappointing
We Divorce Yaoyao
And Yaoyao
From now on, I will let him cut ties with you
You will never see him divorced again in your life
How about a divorce?
Looking for a divorce agreement
Let this trash sign the divorce papers
Mengxue, don't worry.
We will never lose
Wu Tianyi, I'll ask you then.
What if you lose?
Hahahaha
I will say Qingfeng, aren't you mentally ill?
I represent Sharp
The leading industry in the island country
Even the world is always top
I ask what if you lose
If I lose
I kneel down and apologize to you
And compensate you 20 million
And I will release the news publicly
It is said that the top-level enterprises in the island country are not as good as Huaguo
Well, you heard me.
Did you hear the comments?
Come on up now
Wordy
Yeah, when it comes to gambling
What's the point of saying that?
bully
I Hate You
Wait a minute.
waste
Sign the divorce papers
If I lose
I will naturally owe
Everything I said before will be fulfilled one by one
But before that
Never owe a word
Ladies and gentlemen, this phone
Will upend your perception